Vic Ruggiero - New Jersey Story (Chords)


JPember


Intro:
G

Verse:
       G
Well, Johnny and the neighbors talk about fire
C7
Outside the old front door
    B7
My girl says "Please, would you put down the phone?"
      C7                 G
And stamps her feet for more


Bobby's in the fridge, lookin' pensive, he says,
"My, your beer looks expensive!
"You don't even drink it, man
"Who'd you buy it for?"


Chorus:
               E7                                       A7
And I said, "What you gonna do when your dreams come true? Huh?"
            C7                 D7              G
Well, you probably won't have nothin' more to say
   E7                                               A7
"What you gonna do when your dreams come true if I make your dream come true for you?
  C7                D7             G
"Will you tell me that you'll go away?"


Instrumental Verse

Verse:

See, I look like a poet and I don't even know it
'Til somebody tells me so
They say, "Hey Tom Sawyer, how's your lawyer?"
I said, "Rich, far as I know"

They say, "Hey Hem the Wayman, what do you say?
"Why you look so glum for?"
I said, "The basket and the dryer never line up right
"And all my clean clothes fall on the floor"


Chorus

Instrumental Verse x2

Verse:

Y'know I found a genie in a lamp when the weather was damp
In nineteen eighty-four
But I put it on a shelf and I kept it to myself
'Cause I didn't know what to wish for

In nineteen ninety-nine, the weather was fine
And they said the world was gonna end
So I rubbed that lamp and I made a little wish
And we all woke up again


Chorus/Ending:

               E7                                       A7
And I said, "What you gonna do when your dreams come true? Huh?"
            C7                 D7              G
Well, you probably won't have nothin' more to say
   E7                                               A7
"What you gonna do when your dreams come true if I make your dream come true for you?
  C7                D7             G     E7
"Will you tell me that you'll go away?
       C7                    D7            G     E7
"If I make your dream come true for you today?
              C7                    D7            G     E7
"Honey, if I make your dream come true for you today?
           C7                    D7            G     C7  G
"Oh, if I make your dream come true for you today?"